Feature/rel1 43 255 (#92)
WikibaseSolutions/FlexForm: README.md

Visit : https://www.open-csp.org/DevOps:Doc/FlexForm

### Changelog

> * 2.5.5 : Added form tag : add-as-job. This will put any EDIT functions into jobs. Updated select2.js. Fixed https://github.com/Open-CSP/FlexForm/issues/77

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 2.6.0 : Added form tag : add-as-job. This will put any EDIT functions into jobs. Updated select2.js. Fixed https://github.com/Open-CSP/FlexForm/issues/77
```
